README.md, before:

# pytest-ansible

> Illustrates testing infrastructure.

## Overview

Inspired by [terratest](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest).
You create infrastructure, test the infrastructure, and tear it down.
Terratest uses golang and terraform. This repository illustrates the same idea with python, vagrant, and ansible.

This is what happens when you type `make test`:

- A vagrant machine is launched
- Tests are performed by running commands.
- The vagrant machine is torn down

## Quickstart

```
make setup
make test
```

## Pytest interesting points

* A test passes if the command succeeds and fails if the command fails.
* A [fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/fixture.html#scope-sharing-fixtures-across-classes-modules-packages-or-session) is used to create a vagrant machine at the start of the test session and tear it down at the end.
* If a command fails then an exception is raised. This is the mechanism for marking a test as a failure. The raised exception tells pytest the test failed. If no exception is raised then pytest marks the test as passing. This avoids adding `assert result.returncode == 0` after every test.

Commit message:

Change name from pytest-ansible to pytest-infrastructure

README.md, after:

# pytest-infrastructure

> Illustrates testing infrastructure.

## Overview

Inspired by [terratest](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest).
You create infrastructure, test the infrastructure, and tear it down.
Terratest uses golang and terraform. This repository illustrates the same idea with python, vagrant, and ansible. Also there is a docker test.

This is what happens when you type `make test`:

- A vagrant machine is launched
- Tests are performed by running commands.
- The vagrant machine is torn down
- A docker image is built
- A docker container is created and started
- Tests are performed by running commands and issuing requests
- The docker container is removed

## Quickstart

```
make setup
make test
```

## Pytest interesting points

* A test passes if the command succeeds and fails if the command fails.
* A [fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/fixture.html#scope-sharing-fixtures-across-classes-modules-packages-or-session) is used to create a vagrant machine at the start of the test session and tear it down at the end.
* If a command fails then an exception is raised. This is the mechanism for marking a test as a failure. The raised exception tells pytest the test failed. If no exception is raised then pytest marks the test as passing. This avoids adding `assert result.returncode == 0` after every test.
